Add storage FAQ (#5067)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/storage/faq.md

# Frequently-asked Questions, Common Mistakes and Best Practices

> API Usage

Reviewer: Maybe a subheading like `### API Usage` ?

Author: I think we don't need links for this. I used **bold**. Does it look good to you now?

Reviewer: Yeah, It looks good to me.

> [How to use list-operations? Why don't list-operations return all blobs in a container?](#how-to-use-list-operations-why-doesnt-list-operation-return-all-blobs-in-a-container)

Author: ```suggestion
[How to use list-operations? Why don't list-operations return all blobs in a container?](#how-to-use-list-operations-why-dont-list-operations-return-all-blobs-in-a-container)
```

[What is the difference between `BlockBlobClient::Upload()` and `BlockBlobClient::UploadFrom()`? When should I use one vs the other?](#what-is-the-difference-between-blockblobclientupload-and-blockblobclientuploadfrom-when-should-i-use-one-vs-the-other)

[How to efficiently upload large amount of small blobs?](#how-to-efficiently-upload-large-amount-of-small-blobs)

[How to ensure data integrity with transactional checksum?](#how-to-ensure-data-integrity-with-transactional-checksum)

**Design and Concepts**

[Thread safety guarantees](#thread-safety-guarantees)

[Http pipeline and policies](#http-pipeline-and-policies)

[Will the SDK retry failed requests? What is the default retry logic? How can I customize retry behavior?](#will-the-sdk-retry-failed-requests-what-is-the-default-retry-logic-how-can-i-customize-retry-behavior)

**Troubleshooting**

[Why do I see 503 Server Busy errors? What should I do in this case?](#why-do-i-see-503-server-busy-errors-what-should-i-do-in-this-case)

[How to troubleshoot 403 errors?](#how-to-troubleshoot-403-errors)

## How to use list-operations? Why doesn't list-operation return all blobs in a container?

> C++ SDK applied a different design for pageable operations from other languages.

Reviewer 2: applies?

> C++ SDK applies a different design for pageable operations from other languages.

Reviewer 3: I am not sure how useful such a statement is. It makes it seem like all other languages do it one way and only C++ does it differently. Is that true? We also don't mention anything about why it's different and why the fact that it is different is even relevant. I think it would be better to wordsmith this a bit.

```suggestion
The C++ SDK applies a different design for pageable operations from other languages.
```

It involves a nested-loop to iterate over all items in a container.
The outer loop does network I/O operations.
The inner loop gets called for every paged result and doesn't do I/O.

Below is an example of listing all blobs in a blob container.

```C++
for (auto page = blobContainerClient.ListBlobs(); page.HasPage(); page.MoveToNextPage()) {
  for (auto& blob : page.Blobs) {
    std::cout << blob.Name << std::endl;
  }
}
```

Sometimes a paged result may contain multiple collections and you may want to iterate over all of them.

```C++
for (auto page = directoryClient.ListFilesAndDirectories(); page.HasPage(); page.MoveToNextPage())
{
  for (const auto& d : page.Directories)
  {
    std::cout << "Directory: " << d.Name << std::endl;
  }
  for (const auto& f : page.Files)
  {
    std::cout << "File: " << f.Name << std::endl;
  }
}
```

## Can I specify an API-version other than the default one?

> Yes, each client options takes an `ApiVersion` as optional parameter, with which you can specify an API-version used for all the HTTP requests from this client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes, each client options takes an `ApiVersion` as an optional parameter, with which you can specify an API-version used for all the HTTP requests from this client.
```

> Client spawned from another client instance will inherit the settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clients spawned from another client instance will inherit the settings.
```

```C++
// serviceClient sends HTTP requests with default API-version, which will change as version evolves.
auto serviceClient = BlobServiceClient::CreateFromConnectionString(GetConnectionString());

// serviceClient sends HTTP requests with specified API-version.
BlobClientOptions clientOptions;

> clientOptions.ApiVersion = "2019-12-12";

Reviewer 2: Can we use enums for api version to avoid invalid api versions being set?

Author: The problem is the SDK itself doesn't provide a full-list of supported versions. (It's a string rather than an enum because of some legacy issue, and we cannot change this because it would be breaking).

We don't expect a lot of customers need to change the API version anyway.

Moreover, an invalid api version is an easy-to-find mistake.

auto serviceClient = BlobServiceClient::CreateFromConnectionString(GetConnectionString, clientOptions);
// containerClient inherits this setting.

> auto containerClient = serviceClient.GetBlobContainerClient(containerName);

Reviewer 3: Since `serviceClient` is redefined, if someone was to copy-paste this code, it won't compile.

Consider naming them differently, something like: `serviceClientDefaultAPIVersion` and `serviceClientCustomAPIVersion`

> auto serviceClient = BlobServiceClient::CreateFromConnectionString(GetConnectionString, clientOptions);
> // containerClient inherits this setting.
> auto containerClient = serviceClient.GetBlobContainerClient(containerName);

Author: ```suggestion
auto serviceClient2 = BlobServiceClient::CreateFromConnectionString(GetConnectionString, clientOptions);
// containerClient inherits this setting.
auto containerClient = serviceClient2.GetBlobContainerClient(containerName);
```

```

> Please note that multiple-version is not supported yet by Storage C++ SDK (This may change in the future).

Reviewer 3: Stating `yet` makes it seem like we already have plans to do so, but just haven't.
```suggestion
Please note that multiple-version is not supported by the Storage C++ SDK (this may change in the future).
```

> Which means, the code above only changes the `x-ms-version` request header and doesn't change SDK behavior.

Reviewer 2: If this is the case, why do we allow setting api version? What if there is a breaking change in the string-to-sign between the SDK version and specified API version?

Author: > If this is the case, why do we allow setting api version?

Many customers need this feature, and all other languages support this.

> What if there is a breaking change in the string-to-sign between the SDK version and specified API version?

The customer is responsible for his own safety if he uses this feature. I know you won't like it, but that's the way it works as of now.

> SDK will still set headers and query parameters that are added between the customized API version (which is usually older) and latest API version,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The SDK will still set headers and query parameters that are added between the customized API version (which is usually older) and latest API version,
```

and still expect some headers or fields in HTTP response.
Furthermore, this scenario is not covered by testing, although most of the APIs should be able to work. You should do thorough testing before your code goes to production.

## How can I set a custom UserAgent string?

> We recommend you set an application ID with code below, so that it can be identified from which application, SDK, platform the request was sent. The information could be useful for troubleshooting and telemetry purposes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend you set an application ID with the code below, so that it can be identified from which application, SDK, and platform the request was sent. The information could be useful for troubleshooting and telemetry purposes.
```

```C++
BlobClientOptions clientOptions;
clientOptions.Telemetry.ApplicationId = "SomeApplication v1.2.3";

// The User-Agent string will be something like:
// SomeApplication v1.2.3 azsdk-cpp-storage-blobs/12.9.0-beta.3 (Windows 10 Enterprise 6.3 19045 19041.1.amd64fre.vb_release.191206-1406)
```

## What encoding is used for input and output?

> All URLs should be URL-encoded, other resource names should be in UTF-8 encoding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All URLs should be URL-encoded and other resource names should be UTF-8 encoded.
```

This applies to both input variables and output.

> If your code runs in an environment where the default locale and encoding is not UTF-8, you should encode before passing variables into SDK and decode after reading a variable from SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your code runs in an environment where the default locale and encoding is not UTF-8, you should encode before passing variables into the SDK and decode variables returned from the SDK.
```

```C++
// containerUrl should be URL-encoded

> auto containerClient = BlobContainerClient(containerUrl);

Reviewer 3: It's probably useful to show how the customer would Ur-encode the input in the code snippet.

// The return value is URL-encoded
auto url = containerClient.Geturl();
// blobName should be UTF-8 encoded
auto blobClient = containerClient.GetBlobClinet(blobName);

for (auto page = blobContainerClient.ListBlobs(); page.HasPage(); page.MoveToNextPage()) {
  for (auto& blob : page.Blobs) {
    // blob.Name is UTF-8 encoded
    std::cout << blob.Name << std::endl;
  }
}
```

> ## How can I check if a blob exists? Is there a function `Exists()` like in legacy SDK?

Reviewer 3: This is a good question to have answered here, but I don't think it is useful to mention the comparison with the legacy SDK. Such a thing is useful in a migration guide, but a TSG for track 2 SDK would be better served sticking to that single purpose.

```suggestion
## How can I check if a blob exists?
```

Reviewer 3: @Jinming-Hu you missed this feedback. Consider applying it.

Author: Oops, sorry I missed this one.

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/pull/5113

> There's no equivalent in the new C++ SDK. This function is usually just a convenient method on top of getting blob properties. You could easily write one like below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can check whether a blob exists or not by writing a convenience method on top of getting blob properties, as follows:
```

```C++
bool BlobExists(const Azure::Storage::Blobs::BlobClient& client) {
  try {
    client.GetProperties();
    return true;
  }
  catch (Azure::Storage::StorageException& e) {
    if (e.ReasonPhrase == "The specified blob does not exist.") {
      return false;
    }
    throw;
  }

> }

Reviewer 3: This is a bit of an anti-pattern (don't use exceptions as control flow). Is there a cleaner way to test for the existence of a blob?

https://isocpp.org/wiki/faq/exceptions#why-not-exceptions
> In particular, do not use exceptions for control flow. throw is not simply an alternative way of returning a value from a function (similar to return). Doing so will be slow and will confuse most C++ programmers who are rightly used to seeing exceptions used only for error handling.

Author: It isn't easy. It must be done at protocol layer, which is generated.

Tracked in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/issues/5087

Reviewer 3: What about this sample itself within the FAQ? We are encouraging an anti-pattern. Do we have another approach to implement `Exists()` on top of the current storage APIs?

Author: > What about this sample itself within the FAQ?

I'm afraid we have to live with it. There's no way to do this without catching exception.

If the problem of catching exception in normal flow is about performance penalty, I think it's not that horrible in this case, because we send requests over network which can take much longer time.

```

A common use scenario is checking if a blob exists before writing to it.
It is fine if you write from a single thread.
However, it is problematic if the destination might be modified by multiple threads or processes. A subsequent write operation may get overwritten by the previous one.
In this case, it's more recommended to:

> 1. Use `CreateIfNotExists()`, `DeleteIfExists()` functions whenever possible. These functions internally use access conditions and can help us catch unexpected exceptions caused by resending PUT/DELETE requests on network errors.

Reviewer 3: > Help us catch...

Who is us in this case? The SDK authors, the service authors, or the reader/customer? If it's the reader, change to `you`.

> 1. Use `CreateIfNotExists()`, `DeleteIfExists()` functions whenever possible. These functions internally use access conditions and can help us catch unexpected exceptions caused by resending PUT/DELETE requests on network errors.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use `CreateIfNotExists()`, `DeleteIfExists()` functions whenever possible. These functions internally use access conditions and can help you catch unexpected exceptions caused by resending PUT/DELETE requests on network errors.
```

> 1. Use access conditions for other operations. Code below only sends one HTTP request, check-and-write is performed atomically. It only succeeds if the blob doesn't exist.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use access conditions for other operations. The code below only sends one HTTP request, check-and-write is performed atomically. It only succeeds if the blob doesn't exist.
```

   ```C++
   UploadBlockBlobOptions options;
   options.AccessConditions.IfNoneMatch = Azure::ETag::Any();
   blobClient.Upload(stream, options);
   ```
1. Use lease for more complex scenarios that invole multiple operations on the same resource.

## What is the difference between `BlockBlobClient::Upload()` and `BlockBlobClient::UploadFrom()`? When should I use one vs the other?

> `BlockBlobClient::Upload()` takes a stream as parameter and uploads the stream as a block blob with exact one HTTP request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`BlockBlobClient::Upload()` takes a stream as a parameter and uploads the stream as a block blob with exactly one HTTP request.
```

The blob created with this method doesn't have any blocks, which means functions like `StageBlock()`, `CommitBlockList()` or `GetBlockList()` don't apply here.
You cannot append blocks to such blobs (You'll have to overwrite it with a new one).

> You want to use this one if you need precise control over SDK behavior at HTTP level.

Reviewer 3: I don't understand what you mean by this. Can you explain further.
```suggestion
You want to use this one if you need precise control over the SDK behavior at an HTTP level.
```

> `BlockBlobClient::UploadFrom` takes a memory buffer or file name as parameter, splits the data in the buffer or file into smaller chunks intelligently or according to some parameters if provided,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`BlockBlobClient::UploadFrom` takes a memory buffer or file name as a parameter, splits the data in the buffer or file into smaller chunks intelligently or according to some parameters if provided,
```

> then upload the chunks with multiple threads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and then upload the chunks with multiple threads.
```

> This one suits in most cases. You can expect higher throughput because the chunks are transferred concurrently. It's especially recommended if you need to tansfer large blobs efficiently.

Reviewer 4: tansfer _> transfer

Author: fixed

> This one suits in most cases. You can expect higher throughput because the chunks are transferred concurrently. It's especially recommended if you need to transfer large blobs efficiently.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This one is suitable in most cases. You can expect higher throughput because the chunks are transferred concurrently. It's especially recommended if you need to transfer large blobs efficiently.
```

## How to efficiently upload large amount of small blobs?

> Unfortunately this SDK doesn't provide a convenient way to upload many blobs or directory contents (files and sub-directories) with just one function call.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, this SDK doesn't provide a convenient way to upload many blobs or directory contents (files and sub-directories) with just one function call.
```

This begs the question, why not? And is the SDK the right place for something like this to exist (i.e. should it)? Do customers want or expect it here?

> You have to create multiple threads, traverse the directories by yourself and upload blobs one by one in each thread to speed up the transfer.

Reviewer 3: Worth adding a code snippet that shows how (at least a skeleton)?

> Or you can use tools like [AzCopy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-ref-azcopy) or Data Movement Library.

Author: ```suggestion
Or you can use tools like [AzCopy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-ref-azcopy) or [Data Movement Library](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-data-movement-library).
```

> Or you can use tools like [AzCopy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-ref-azcopy) or Data Movement Library.

Reviewer 3: Link to `Data Movement Library`?

## How to ensure data integrity with transactional checksum?

> Generally speaking, TLS protocol includes checksum that's strong enough to detect accidental corruption or deliberate tampering.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Generally speaking, the TLS protocol includes checksum that's strong enough to detect accidental corruption or deliberate tampering.
```

Another layer of checksum is usually not necessary if you're using HTTPS.

If you really want it for whatever reason, for example, to detect corruptions before the data is written to the socket,

> you can leverage transactional checksum feature in the SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
you can leverage the transactional checksum feature in the SDK.
```

> With this feature, you provide a pre-calculated MD5 or CRC64 checksum when calling an upload API,
> storage service will calculate checksum after it receives the data and compare with the one you provide,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this feature, you provide a pre-calculated MD5 or CRC64 checksum when calling an upload API
and the storage service will calculate checksum after it receives the data. It will then compare that with the one you provide
```

and fail the request if they don't match.

> Make sure you calculate the checksum early enough to cover the time when the corruption may happen.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by this? Where does "early enough" come into play?

Author: When a user uploads data to storage, the data may come from a file on local disk, or real-time generated from another application, or from another network socket.

The corruption could happen anytime due to different reasons (program bug, bit flips). It could happen when the data is copied from a buffer to another buffer, when it's read from disk or another network socket etc.

We don't want the customer calculating the checksum the last moment he passes the data to SDK, because that way, corruptions happen when reading disk/network socket couldn't be detected.
We want the customer calculating checksum as early as possible so that more potential corruptions can be detected.

Do you have a suggestion how to rephrase this sentence?

This functionality also works for download operations.
Below is a code sample to use this feature.

```C++
// upload data with pre-calculated checksum
Blobs::UploadBlockBlobOptions options;
options.TransactionalContentHash = ContentHash();
options.TransactionalContentHash.Value().Algorithm = HashAlgorithm::Crc64;

> options.TransactionalContentHash.Value().Value = crc64;  // CRC64 checksum of the data in Base64 encoding

Reviewer 3: I think it will be cleaner to create a local `ContentHash` variable, set it's value and algorithm, and then set it to the `options.TransactionalContentHash` field which is `Nullable<T>`.

This avoids the `Value().Value` problem.

As an aside, we have a guideline going forward to avoid `Value` as a generic model field name for this reason.

blobClient.Upload(stream, options);

// download and verify checksum
Blobs::DownloadBlobOptions options;
options.RangeHashAlgorithm = HashAlgorithm::Crc64;
auto response = blobClient.Download(options);
auto crc64 = response.Value.TransactionalContentHash.Value();
// Now you can verify checksum of the downloaded data
```

## Thread safety guarantees

All storage client APIs are thread-safe.
You can call the same API or different APIs on the same client instance from multiple threads without additional synchronization.
It's guaranteed to either return a successful response or throw an exception.

> However, this doesn't mean access to underlying storage service has no race condition.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, this doesn't mean access to the underlying storage service has no race conditions.
```

> It is still possible that you'll get a 409 error if you read a file that's being written by another party. (For example, one thread reading an append blob while another thread appending data to it.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is still possible that you'll get a 409 error if you read a file that's being written to by another party. (For example, one thread reading an append blob while another thread appending data to it.)
```

> ## Http pipeline and policies

Reviewer: Should we add a warning to prevent users from modifying the header directly in the HttpTransport which may cause StringToSign failure?

An HTTP pipeline consists of a sequence of steps executed for each HTTP request-response roundtrip.

> Each policy has a dedicated purpose and acts on a request or a response or sometimes both.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each policy has a dedicated purpose and acts on the request or the response or sometimes both.
```

When you send a request, the policies are executed in the order that they're added to the pipeline.
When you receive a response from the service, the policies are executed in reverse order.
All policies added to the pipeline execute before you send the request and after you receive a response.

> The policy has to decide whether to act on the request, the response, or both.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each policy has to decide whether to act on the request, the response, or both.
```

For example, a logging policy logs the request and response but the authentication policy is only interested in modifying the request.

> The Azure Core framework provides the policy with the necessary request and response data along with any necessary context to execute the policy.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Azure Core library as part of this SDK provides the policy with the necessary request and response data along with any necessary context to execute the policy.
```

The policy can then perform its operation with the given data and pass the control along to the next policy in the pipeline.

#### HTTP pipeline policy position

When you make HTTP requests to cloud services, it's important to handle transient failures and to retry failed attempts.
Because this functionality is a common requirement, Azure Core provides a retry policy that can watch for transient failures and automatically retry the request.

This retry policy, therefore, splits the whole pipeline into two parts:
policies that execute before the retry policy and policies that execute after the retry policy.
Policies added before the retry policy execute only once per API operation, and policies added after the retry policy execute as many times as the retries.

> So, when building the HTTP pipeline, you should understand whether to execute a policy for each request retry or once per API operation.

Reviewer 3: This is a great explanation!

Author: I copied from elsewhere.

![](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/java/sdk/media/http-pipeline.svg)

#### Common HTTP pipeline policies

HTTP pipelines for REST-based services have configurations with policies for authentication, retries, logging, telemetry, and specifying the request ID in the header.

> These policies are automatically added into HTTP pipeline.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These policies are automatically added into the HTTP pipeline.
```

#### Custom HTTP pipeline policy

> The HTTP pipeline policy provides a convenient mechanism to modify or decorate the request and response.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Policies within an HTTP pipeline provide a convenient mechanism to modify or decorate the request and response.
```

You can add custom policies to the pipeline that the user or the client library developer created.

> When adding the policy to the pipeline, you can specify whether this policy should be executed per-call or per-retry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When adding a policy to the pipeline, you can specify whether this policy should be executed per-call or per-retry.
```

> To create a custom HTTP pipeline policy, you just inherit from a base policy class and implement some virtual functions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a custom HTTP pipeline policy, you just inherit from the base `Azure::Core::Http::Policies::HttpPolicy` class and implement a couple of virtual functions.
```

You can then plug the policy into the pipeline.

#### Custom headers in HTTP requests

Below is an example of adding a custom header into each HTTP request.
The header value is static and doesn't change over time, so we make it a per-operation policy.

> If you want to add some time-variant headers like authentication, you should use per-retry policy.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to add some time-variant headers like authentication, you should use a per-retry policy.
```

```C++
class NewPolicy final : public Azure::Core::Http::Policies::HttpPolicy {
public:

>   ~NewPolicy() override {}

Reviewer 3: Is this necessary?

Author: It's useful to ensure the base class (`Azure::Core::Http::Policies::HttpPolicy) has a virtual destructor, so that deleting a derived instance through base pointer is not undefined behavior.

Since we know `Azure::Core::Http::Policies::HttpPolicy` has virtual destructor. The `override` destructor here doesn't make a difference. But I think it's a good practice and want to use it wherever possible.

  std::unique_ptr<HttpPolicy> Clone() const override
  {
    return std::make_unique<NewPolicy>(*this);
  }

  std::unique_ptr<Azure::Core::Http::RawResponse> Send(
      Azure::Core::Http::Request& request,
      Azure::Core::Http::Policies::NextHttpPolicy nextPolicy,
      Azure::Core::Context const& context) const override
  {
    request.SetHeader("x-ms-custom-hearder-name", "header-value");
    return nextPolicy.Send(request, context);
  }
};

BlobClientOptions options;
options.PerOperationPolicies.push_back(std::make_unique<NewPolicy>());
options.PerRetryPolicies.push_back(std::make_unique<NewPolicy>());
```

## Will the SDK retry failed requests? What is the default retry logic? How can I customize retry behavior?

> Requests failed due to network errors or HTTP status code 408, 500, 502, 503, 504 will be retried at most 3 times (4 attemps in total) using exponential backup with jitter.

Reviewer 4: 4 attemps -> 4 attempts

We might should do a spell check on the whole file.

Author: This repo has spell check. it just cannot catch all typos.

> Requests failed due to network errors or HTTP status code 408, 500, 502, 503, 504 will be retried at most 3 times (4 attempts in total) using exponential backup with jitter.

Reviewer 3: Will the list of codes you mentioned here ever change in the future and be risk of getting outdated/incomplete?
```suggestion
Requests failed due to network errors or HTTP status code 408, 500, 502, 503, 504 will be retried at most 3 times (4 attempts in total) using exponential backoff with jitter.
```

These parameters can be customized with `RetryOptions`. Below is an example.

```C++
BlobClientOptions options;
options.Retry.RetryDelay = std::chrono::milliseconds(800);
options.Retry.MaxRetryDelay = std::chrono::seconds(60);
options.Retry.MaxRetries = 3;
```

> ## Why do I see 503 Server Busy errors? What should I do in this case?

Reviewer 3: Should this be `Server Busy` or `Service Unavailable` for 503 http status code?

Author: The reason phrase used by storage is `Server Busy`.

Reviewer 3: Gotcha. It makes sense to keep it as server busy then.

> Azure storage service has scalability and performance target, which varies for different types of accounts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Azure storage service has scalability and performance target, which varies for different types of accounts.
```

When your application accesses storage too aggressively and reaches the limit, storage starts returning 503 Server Busy errors.

> You may refer to [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/scalability-targets-standard-account) for the limits for different types of storage accounts in different regions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may refer to [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/scalability-targets-standard-account) for the limits of different types of storage accounts in different regions.
```

> Here are a few things that turn out to be effective in practice to minimize the impact of this kind of error.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are a few things you can do to minimize the impact of this kind of error.
```

1. Use exponential backoff policy and jitter for retries.

>    Exponential backoff allows the load on storage service to decrease over the time. Jitter helps ease out spikes and ensures the retry traffic is well-distributed over a time window.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Exponential backoff allows the load on storage service to decrease over time. Jitter helps ease out spikes and ensures the retry traffic is well-distributed over a time window.
```

> 1. Increase retry count.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Increase the retry count.
```

1. Identify the throttling type and reduce the traffic sent from client side.

>    You can check the exception thrown from storage function calls with below code. The error message will indicate which scalability target was exceeded.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You can check the exception thrown from storage function calls with the below code. The error message will indicate which scalability target was exceeded.
```

   ```C++
   try
   {
     // storage function goes here
   }
   catch (Azure::Storage::StorageException& e)
   {
     if (e.StatusCode == Azure::Core::Http::HttpStatusCode::ServiceUnavailable)
     {
       std::cout << e.Message << std::endl;
     }
   }
   ```
1. Store your data in multiple storage accounts for load balancing.

> 1. Use CDN for static resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use a CDN for static resources.
```

> Throttling error could also happen at subscription level or tenant level. You can still try above approaches or contact Azure Support in such cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Throttling errors could also happen at a subscription level or tenant level. You can still try the above approaches or contact Azure Support in such cases.
```

## How to troubleshoot 403 errors?

> 403 error means your request to access Azure Storage is not correctly authorized.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A 403 error means your request to access Azure Storage is not correctly authorized.
```

> If you're using shared key authentication, you should

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using shared key authentication, you should:
```

> 1. Check the storage account name and account key match the resource you're trying to access, and the key is not rotated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Check that the storage account name and account key match the resource you're trying to access, and the key is not rotated.
```

> 1. If you need to add extra HTTP request headers or overwrite existing headers, do it with a HTTP pipeline policy, so that the new values can be signed with shared key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. If you need to add extra HTTP request headers or overwrite existing headers, do it with an HTTP pipeline policy, so that the new values can be signed with the shared key.
```

> 1. If you use a customized HTTP client, do not make any changes to HTTP request in the client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. If you use a customized HTTP client, do not make any changes to the HTTP request in the client.
```

> If you're using SAS authentication,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using SAS authentication, you should:
```

1. Check the values of query parameter `st` and `se`, which specify a time range the SAS token is valid. Make sure the token is not expired.

>    If it's a user delegation SAS, also check `ske` which indicates the expiry of user delegation key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   If it's a user delegation SAS, also check `ske` which indicates the expiry of the user delegation key.
```

1. Make sure the shared key used to generate the SAS token is not rotated.
1. If the SAS token is created with a stored access policy, make sure the access policy is still valid.
1. SAS token has its own scope, for example it may be scoped to a storage account, a container or a blob/file. Make sure you don't access a resource out of the SAS token's scope.

> 1. Check the message in exception.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Check the message in the exception.
```

>    You could print the information in exception with code below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You could print the information in the exception with the code below.
```

   ```C++
   try
   {
     // storage function goes here
   }
   catch (Azure::Storage::StorageException& e)
   {
     if (e.StatusCode == Azure::Core::Http::HttpStatusCode::Forbidden)
     {
       std::cout << e.RequestId << std::endl;
       std::cout << e.ClientRequestId << std::endl;
       std::cout << e.ErrorCode << std::endl;
       std::cout << e.Message << std::endl;
       for (const auto& i : e.AdditionalInformation)
       {
         std::cout << i.first << ":" << i.second << std::endl;
       }
     }
   }
   ```
   For example, a common error code is `AuthorizationPermissionMismatch`, which means the SAS token doesn't have permission to perform this operation (like writing to a blob with a SAS token that only permits read).

> You shouldn't write your own function to generate signatures or sign the requests. It's not a trivial task and there are many edge cases to cover. Use Official tools or SDK instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You shouldn't write your own functions to generate signatures or sign the requests. It's not a trivial task and there are many edge cases to cover. Use official tools or the SDK instead.
```

> If you still cannot figure out the problem with above steps, you can open a GitHub issue with request ID or client request ID of the failed request.

Reviewer 3: Is `client request ID` different from the `request ID?

```suggestion
If you still cannot figure out the problem with the above steps, you can open [a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/issues/new/choose) with the request ID or client request ID of the failed request.
```

Author: `x-ms-request-id` is generated and sent from server side. It can be used to uniquely identify a storage request.

`x-ms-client-request-id` is generated and sent from client side. It must be used together with storage account name, timestamp to identify a request.

`x-ms-client-request-id` is useful when a request is sent from client side but client doesn't receive a response (in this case we don't know `x-ms-request-id`).

# Frequently Asked Questions, Common Mistakes and Best Practices

**Frequently Asked Questions**

[How to use list-operations? Why don't list-operations return all blobs in a container?](#how-to-use-list-operations-why-dont-list-operations-return-all-blobs-in-a-container)

[Can I specify an API-version other than the default one?](#can-i-specify-an-api-version-other-than-the-default-one)

[How can I set a custom UserAgent string?](#how-can-i-set-a-custom-useragent-string)

[What encoding is used for input and output?](#what-encoding-is-used-for-input-and-output)

> [How can I check if a blob exists? Is there a function `Exists()` like in legacy SDK?](#how-can-i-check-if-a-blob-exists-is-there-a-function-exists-like-in-legacy-sdk)

Author: ```suggestion
[How can I check if a blob exists? Is there a function `Exists()` like in legacy SDK?](##how-can-i-check-if-a-blob-exists)
```

    {
      // exception handling
    }
  }
};

std::vector<std::thread> thread_handles;
for (size_t i = 0; i < num_threads; ++i)
{
  thread_handles.push_back(std::thread(upload_func));
}
for (auto& i : thread_handles)
{
  i.join();
}
```
Or you can use tools like [AzCopy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-ref-azcopy) or [Data Movement Library](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-data-movement-library).

## How to ensure data integrity with transactional checksum?

Generally speaking, the TLS protocol includes checksum that's strong enough to detect accidental corruption or deliberate tampering.
Another layer of checksum is usually not necessary if you're using HTTPS.

If you really want it for whatever reason, for example, to detect corruptions before the data is written to the socket,
you can leverage the transactional checksum feature in the SDK.
With this feature, you provide a pre-calculated MD5 or CRC64 checksum when calling an upload API
and the storage service will calculate checksum after it receives the data. It will then compare that with the one you provide
and fail the request if they don't match.

> Make sure you calculate the checksum early enough to cover the time when the corruption may happen.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you calculate the checksum as early as possible so that potential corruptions that occur on storage medium, computer memory or during data transfer can be detected.
```

and still expect some headers or fields in HTTP response.
Furthermore, this scenario is not covered by testing, although most of the APIs should be able to work. You should do thorough testing before your code goes to production.

## How can I set a custom UserAgent string?

We recommend you set an application ID with the code below, so that it can be identified from which application, SDK, and platform the request was sent. The information could be useful for troubleshooting and telemetry purposes.

```C++
BlobClientOptions clientOptions;
clientOptions.Telemetry.ApplicationId = "SomeApplication v1.2.3";

// The User-Agent string will be something like:
// SomeApplication v1.2.3 azsdk-cpp-storage-blobs/12.9.0-beta.3 (Windows 10 Enterprise 6.3 19045 19041.1.amd64fre.vb_release.191206-1406)
```

## What encoding is used for input and output?

All URLs should be URL-encoded and other resource names should be UTF-8 encoded.
This applies to both input variables and output.
If your code runs in an environment where the default locale and encoding is not UTF-8, you should encode before passing variables into the SDK and decode variables returned from the SDK.

```C++

> // cspell:disable-next-line

Author: Turned out non-ascii character is not allowed in the whole repo. I worked around via some other method.

// For example, we'd like to create a blob client named `olá`
// If the blob client is created from a container client, the blob name should be UTF-8 encoded.

> auto blobClient = containerClient.GetBlobClinet("ol\xC3\xA1");

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
auto blobClient = containerClient.GetBlobClient("ol\xC3\xA1");
```
